concurrent
==========

##### Output
```
D:\repos\concurrent>jruby concurrent.rb
job exe 1, parallel 1, 1 started
job exe 1, parallel 1, 1 finished
job exe 1, parallel 1, 2 started
job exe 1, parallel 1, 2 finished
job exe 1, parallel 1, 3 started
job exe 1, parallel 1, 3 finished
job exe 1, parallel 16, 1 started
job exe 1, parallel 16, 1 finished
job exe 1, parallel 16, 2 started
job exe 1, parallel 16, 2 finished
job exe 1, parallel 16, 3 started
job exe 1, parallel 16, 3 finished
job exe 3, parallel 1, 1 started
job exe 3, parallel 1, 2 started
job exe 3, parallel 1, 1 finished
job exe 3, parallel 1, 3 started
job exe 3, parallel 1, 3 finished
job exe 3, parallel 1, 2 finished
job exe 3, parallel 16, 2 started
job exe 3, parallel 16, 1 started
job exe 3, parallel 16, 1 finished
job exe 3, parallel 16, 3 started
job exe 3, parallel 16, 2 finished
job exe 3, parallel 16, 3 finished
```